## USER STORIES

# Release 1
    Jack loves movies, and needs a way to keep track of the movies that he watches. He is presented with our movie list application, with the logic that is implemented for release 1. Jack wants to add his fifteen favorite movies to the movie list. He opens the application, and enters the first movie's title, genre and his personal score into the respective input fields. When he clicks the "Add movie"-button, the movie details he put in should be validated. If the validation is successful, the movie should be added to the movie list, and displayed on the screen. He continues with this for all of his favorite movies, until a completed and sorted list is displayed on the left side of the screen. Jack is thrilled that he now has a simple way of accessing all of his favorite movies.

    Screenshot showing the application and its functionality: assets/illustrated.png

# Release 2

    Jack enjoys rewatching his favorite movies from time to time. Sometimes this means that he wants to give the movie a new score. Whether he picked up on something new, or simply changes his opinion, Jack wants the opportunity to implement this to his movie diary. In the previous release, adding the same movie multiple times would add duplicates to the movie list. As Jack usually watches his absolute favorites many times, the logic in the first release provides a poor solution. However, with the expanded functionality in release 2, Jack can now keep track of his rewatches in a much simpler way. When Jack adds a movie with a title that already exists in his movie list, the two entries now combine. In the movie list view, the new generated score is a average of all entries, while the genre is updated to the most recent. Additionally, each movie object now has a corresponding counter, keeping track of how many times Jack has watched that specific movie.

    After discovering the movie-list application, Jack wants to show his friends in the movie group he is a part of. His friend Alex is super excited, and can't wait to add his favorites to the list. However, with the logic from release 1, Jack and Alex could not separate their lists. This means that Jack would completely lose track of which movies he has watched, and even worse, their separate scores of the same movies would combine! Gladly, Jack did not show the application to Alex and the rest of the group before release 2. This version of the application allows Jack to create his own movie list connected to a personal username. This way, when Alex opens the application to make his movie list, he is able to create a new personal list, instead of sharing with everyone using the application. 